Alex: Alright, shifting gears from development to marketing. It's February 28th. Let's talk about the upcoming tech conference sponsorship in Austin next month. Jessica, do we have the final list of deliverables required for our booth? Are we ready for this?
Jessica: Yes, I spoke with the event coordinators yesterday afternoon. The requirements for the Platinum Booth are pretty extensive. They need our primary vector logo files, an updated company description, a 30-second promotional video to play on the jumbotrons, and copies of all the pamphlets we plan to hand out. The deadline is putting pressure on us though.
Alex: How tight is tight? I don't want us paying $10,000 for a booth and showing up empty-handed. When do they definitively need all of this material by?
Jessica: They need the vector logo files, the company bio, and the 30-second promo video uploaded to their partner portal by March 10th. The physical printed pamphlets can wait until the 15th so we have a few extra days for the copywriters.
Alex: Okay, we can definitely hit that timeline. I was worried it was this Friday. Decision made: we are fully committing to the Platinum Booth sponsorship for the Austin conference. It's a massive expense but the lead generation will be worth it. Jessica, I need you to sign the sponsorship contract and wire the payment today so we don't lose our slot.
Jessica: On it. I'll sign the contract and wire the payment before end of day today. The logo and pamphlets are no problem, but what are we supposed to do about the promo video? We don't have a dedicated animator on staff right now since Pete left.
Alex: That's a fair point. We can't outsource it due to budget constraints. David, you mentioned during your interview that you have some experience with Adobe After Effects, right? Can you throw together a 30-second kinetic typography video highlighting our app's main features?
David: Yeah, I definitely can do that. It won't be Pixar or Marvel quality, but it'll look sharp, minimal, and professional. I can animate our UI screenshots flying in alongside some heavy text. But I am absolutely terrible at writing marketing copy. I'll need the exact spoken script and text from Jessica first before I can begin animating.
Jessica: Don't worry David, I wouldn't expect you to write the copy. I will draft the 30-second video script, including the specific bullet points we want on screen, and send it to you by tomorrow morning.
Alex: Perfect arrangement. Teamwork makes the dream work. So, Jessica will send the finalized script to David tomorrow morning. David, given that, I need the final 30-second promo `.mp4` video rendered and delivered to Jessica by March 8th. That gives her two buffer days before the March 10th deadline. Does that give you enough time to animate it?
David: Yep, assuming the script doesn't change halfway through, March 8th is totally doable. I'll start pre-comping some assets today and deliver the final video by March 8th.
Alex: Excellent. I'm excited to see what you create David. Let's wrap up there and get back to work! Let me know if you hit any roadblocks.